Executive Summary:
['Artificial intelligence in healthcare | Artificial intelligence (AI) in healthcare uses algorithms and software to approximate human cognition in the analysis of complex medical data. The primary aim of health-related AI applications is to analyze relationships between prevention or treatment techniques and patient outcomes. AI programs have been developed and applied to practices such as diagnosis processes, treatment protocol development, drug development, personalized medicine and patient monitoring and care, among others. Medical institutions such as The Mayo Clinic, Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center and National Health Service, multinational technology companies such as IBM and Google and startups such as Welltok and Ayasdi, have created solutions currently used in the industry. Healthcare remains the top area of investment in AI as measured by venture capital deal flow.', 'Predictive medicine | Predictive medicine is a field of medicine that entails predicting the probability of disease and instituting preventive measures in order to either prevent the disease altogether or significantly decrease its impact upon the patient (such as by preventing mortality or limiting morbidity). While different prediction methodologies exist, such as genomics, proteomics, and cytomics, the most fundamental way to predict future disease is based on genetics. Although proteomics and cytomics allow for the early detection of disease, much of the time those detect biological markers that exist because a disease process has "already" started. However, comprehensive genetic testing (such as through the use of DNA arrays or full genome sequencing) allows for the estimation of disease risk years to decades before any disease even exists, or even whether a healthy fetus is at higher risk for developing a disease in adolescence or adulthood. Individuals who are more susceptible to disease in the future can be offered lifestyle advice or medication with the aim of preventing the predicted illness. Current genetic testing guidelines supported by the health care professionals discourage purely predictive genetic testing of minors until they are competent to understand the relevancy of genetic screening so as to allow them to participate in the decision about whether or not it is appropriate for them. Genetic screening of newborns and children in the field of predictive medicine is deemed appropriate if there is a compelling clinical reason to do so, such as the availability of prevention or treatment as a child that would prevent future disease.', 'Predictive manufacturing system | The predictive manufacturing system (PMS) is a manufacturing paradigm wherein the system is programmed with certain amount and type of intelligence that allows assets to estimate their own condition, detect the presence of a fault or an anomaly, infer future fault events and even diagnose potential root cause of the problem. The goal of predictive manufacturing system (PMS) is to enable machine and systems with “self-aware” capabilities. The core technology of PMS in order to deliver “self-aware” capabilities is the smart computational agent that will contain advanced analytics to conduct predictive modeling functionalities.', 'Predictive analytics | Predictive analytics encompasses a variety of statistical techniques from predictive modeling, machine learning, and data mining that analyze current and historical facts to make predictions about future or otherwise unknown events.', 'Artificial empathy | Artificial empathy (AE) is the development of AI systems − such as companion robots − that are able to detect and respond to human emotions. According to scientists, although the technology can be perceived as scary or threatening by many people, it could also have a significant advantage over humans in professions which are traditionally involved in emotional role-playing such as the health care sector. From the care-giver perspective for instance, performing emotional labor above and beyond the requirements of paid labor often results in chronic stress or burnout, and the development of a feeling of being desensitized to patients. However, it is argued that the emotional role-playing between the care-receiver and a robot can actually have a more positive outcome in terms of creating the conditions of less fear and concern for one\'s own predicament best exemplified by the phrase: "if it is just a robot taking care of me it cannot be that critical." Scholars debate the possible outcome of such technology using two different perspectives. Either, the AE could help the socialization of care-givers, or serve as role model for emotional detachment.']

Client Needs Analysis:
['Artificial intelligence in healthcare | Artificial intelligence (AI) in healthcare uses algorithms and software to approximate human cognition in the analysis of complex medical data. The primary aim of health-related AI applications is to analyze relationships between prevention or treatment techniques and patient outcomes. AI programs have been developed and applied to practices such as diagnosis processes, treatment protocol development, drug development, personalized medicine and patient monitoring and care, among others. Medical institutions such as The Mayo Clinic, Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center and National Health Service, multinational technology companies such as IBM and Google and startups such as Welltok and Ayasdi, have created solutions currently used in the industry. Healthcare remains the top area of investment in AI as measured by venture capital deal flow.', 'Predictive medicine | Predictive medicine is a field of medicine that entails predicting the probability of disease and instituting preventive measures in order to either prevent the disease altogether or significantly decrease its impact upon the patient (such as by preventing mortality or limiting morbidity). While different prediction methodologies exist, such as genomics, proteomics, and cytomics, the most fundamental way to predict future disease is based on genetics. Although proteomics and cytomics allow for the early detection of disease, much of the time those detect biological markers that exist because a disease process has "already" started. However, comprehensive genetic testing (such as through the use of DNA arrays or full genome sequencing) allows for the estimation of disease risk years to decades before any disease even exists, or even whether a healthy fetus is at higher risk for developing a disease in adolescence or adulthood. Individuals who are more susceptible to disease in the future can be offered lifestyle advice or medication with the aim of preventing the predicted illness. Current genetic testing guidelines supported by the health care professionals discourage purely predictive genetic testing of minors until they are competent to understand the relevancy of genetic screening so as to allow them to participate in the decision about whether or not it is appropriate for them. Genetic screening of newborns and children in the field of predictive medicine is deemed appropriate if there is a compelling clinical reason to do so, such as the availability of prevention or treatment as a child that would prevent future disease.', 'Predictive analytics | Predictive analytics encompasses a variety of statistical techniques from predictive modeling, machine learning, and data mining that analyze current and historical facts to make predictions about future or otherwise unknown events.', 'Predictive manufacturing system | The predictive manufacturing system (PMS) is a manufacturing paradigm wherein the system is programmed with certain amount and type of intelligence that allows assets to estimate their own condition, detect the presence of a fault or an anomaly, infer future fault events and even diagnose potential root cause of the problem. The goal of predictive manufacturing system (PMS) is to enable machine and systems with “self-aware” capabilities. The core technology of PMS in order to deliver “self-aware” capabilities is the smart computational agent that will contain advanced analytics to conduct predictive modeling functionalities.', "Predictive failure analysis | Predictive Failure Analysis (PFA) refers to computer mechanisms that analyse trends in corrected errors to predict future failures of hardware components and proactively enabling mechanisms to avoid them. Predictive Failure Analysis was originally used as term for a proprietary IBM technology for monitoring the likelihood of hard disk drives to fail, although the term is now used generically for a variety of technologies for judging the imminent failure of CPU's, memory and I/O devices. See also first failure data capture.", 'PredictifyMe | PredictifyMe is a predictive analytics company with headquarters in Research Triangle Park, North Carolina. The company uses advanced algorithms and data sets to predict outcomes of social and commercial problems. Its products are based on the research and doctoral thesis of co-founder Zeeshan-ul-hassan Usmani during his studies at Florida Institute of Technology. It works primarily in the fields of security, retail, education, insurance and healthcare.', 'Artificial empathy | Artificial empathy (AE) is the development of AI systems − such as companion robots − that are able to detect and respond to human emotions. According to scientists, although the technology can be perceived as scary or threatening by many people, it could also have a significant advantage over humans in professions which are traditionally involved in emotional role-playing such as the health care sector. From the care-giver perspective for instance, performing emotional labor above and beyond the requirements of paid labor often results in chronic stress or burnout, and the development of a feeling of being desensitized to patients. However, it is argued that the emotional role-playing between the care-receiver and a robot can actually have a more positive outcome in terms of creating the conditions of less fear and concern for one\'s own predicament best exemplified by the phrase: "if it is just a robot taking care of me it cannot be that critical." Scholars debate the possible outcome of such technology using two different perspectives. Either, the AE could help the socialization of care-givers, or serve as role model for emotional detachment.']

Proposed Solution:
['Artificial intelligence in healthcare | Artificial intelligence (AI) in healthcare uses algorithms and software to approximate human cognition in the analysis of complex medical data. The primary aim of health-related AI applications is to analyze relationships between prevention or treatment techniques and patient outcomes. AI programs have been developed and applied to practices such as diagnosis processes, treatment protocol development, drug development, personalized medicine and patient monitoring and care, among others. Medical institutions such as The Mayo Clinic, Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center and National Health Service, multinational technology companies such as IBM and Google and startups such as Welltok and Ayasdi, have created solutions currently used in the industry. Healthcare remains the top area of investment in AI as measured by venture capital deal flow.', 'Predictive medicine | Predictive medicine is a field of medicine that entails predicting the probability of disease and instituting preventive measures in order to either prevent the disease altogether or significantly decrease its impact upon the patient (such as by preventing mortality or limiting morbidity). While different prediction methodologies exist, such as genomics, proteomics, and cytomics, the most fundamental way to predict future disease is based on genetics. Although proteomics and cytomics allow for the early detection of disease, much of the time those detect biological markers that exist because a disease process has "already" started. However, comprehensive genetic testing (such as through the use of DNA arrays or full genome sequencing) allows for the estimation of disease risk years to decades before any disease even exists, or even whether a healthy fetus is at higher risk for developing a disease in adolescence or adulthood. Individuals who are more susceptible to disease in the future can be offered lifestyle advice or medication with the aim of preventing the predicted illness. Current genetic testing guidelines supported by the health care professionals discourage purely predictive genetic testing of minors until they are competent to understand the relevancy of genetic screening so as to allow them to participate in the decision about whether or not it is appropriate for them. Genetic screening of newborns and children in the field of predictive medicine is deemed appropriate if there is a compelling clinical reason to do so, such as the availability of prevention or treatment as a child that would prevent future disease.', 'Health care analytics | Health care analytics is a term used to describe the healthcare analysis activities that can be undertaken as a result of data collected from four areas within healthcare; claims and cost data, pharmaceutical and research and development (R&D) data, clinical data (collected from electronic medical records (EHRs)), and patient behavior and sentiment data (patient behaviors and preferences, (retail purchases e.g. data captured in running stores). Health care analytics is a growing industry in the United States, expected to grow to more than $18.7 billion by 2020. The industry focuses on the areas of clinical analysis, financial analysis, supply chain analysis, as well as, fraud and HR analysis. The current largest players in the market are medical consulting and medical software companies (IBM Corporation, SAS Institute, Inc. Optum, Inc, Truven Health Analytics Inc., Cerner Corporation, and McKesson Corporation) who have the ability to extend their reach with already existing customers.', 'Predictive informatics | Predictive informatics (PI) is the combination of predictive modeling and informatics applied to healthcare, pharmaceutical, life sciences and business industries.', 'QRISK | QRISK2 (the most recent version of QRISK) is a prediction algorithm for cardiovascular disease (CVD) that uses traditional risk factors (age, systolic blood pressure, smoking status and ratio of total serum cholesterol to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol) together with body mass index, ethnicity, measures of deprivation, family history, chronic kidney disease, rheumatoid arthritis, atrial fibrillation, diabetes mellitus, and antihypertensive treatment.']

Timeline and Milestones:
['Artificial intelligence in healthcare | Artificial intelligence (AI) in healthcare uses algorithms and software to approximate human cognition in the analysis of complex medical data. The primary aim of health-related AI applications is to analyze relationships between prevention or treatment techniques and patient outcomes. AI programs have been developed and applied to practices such as diagnosis processes, treatment protocol development, drug development, personalized medicine and patient monitoring and care, among others. Medical institutions such as The Mayo Clinic, Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center and National Health Service, multinational technology companies such as IBM and Google and startups such as Welltok and Ayasdi, have created solutions currently used in the industry. Healthcare remains the top area of investment in AI as measured by venture capital deal flow.', 'Predictive medicine | Predictive medicine is a field of medicine that entails predicting the probability of disease and instituting preventive measures in order to either prevent the disease altogether or significantly decrease its impact upon the patient (such as by preventing mortality or limiting morbidity). While different prediction methodologies exist, such as genomics, proteomics, and cytomics, the most fundamental way to predict future disease is based on genetics. Although proteomics and cytomics allow for the early detection of disease, much of the time those detect biological markers that exist because a disease process has "already" started. However, comprehensive genetic testing (such as through the use of DNA arrays or full genome sequencing) allows for the estimation of disease risk years to decades before any disease even exists, or even whether a healthy fetus is at higher risk for developing a disease in adolescence or adulthood. Individuals who are more susceptible to disease in the future can be offered lifestyle advice or medication with the aim of preventing the predicted illness. Current genetic testing guidelines supported by the health care professionals discourage purely predictive genetic testing of minors until they are competent to understand the relevancy of genetic screening so as to allow them to participate in the decision about whether or not it is appropriate for them. Genetic screening of newborns and children in the field of predictive medicine is deemed appropriate if there is a compelling clinical reason to do so, such as the availability of prevention or treatment as a child that would prevent future disease.', 'Predictive manufacturing system | The predictive manufacturing system (PMS) is a manufacturing paradigm wherein the system is programmed with certain amount and type of intelligence that allows assets to estimate their own condition, detect the presence of a fault or an anomaly, infer future fault events and even diagnose potential root cause of the problem. The goal of predictive manufacturing system (PMS) is to enable machine and systems with “self-aware” capabilities. The core technology of PMS in order to deliver “self-aware” capabilities is the smart computational agent that will contain advanced analytics to conduct predictive modeling functionalities.', 'Predictive analytics | Predictive analytics encompasses a variety of statistical techniques from predictive modeling, machine learning, and data mining that analyze current and historical facts to make predictions about future or otherwise unknown events.', 'Artificial empathy | Artificial empathy (AE) is the development of AI systems − such as companion robots − that are able to detect and respond to human emotions. According to scientists, although the technology can be perceived as scary or threatening by many people, it could also have a significant advantage over humans in professions which are traditionally involved in emotional role-playing such as the health care sector. From the care-giver perspective for instance, performing emotional labor above and beyond the requirements of paid labor often results in chronic stress or burnout, and the development of a feeling of being desensitized to patients. However, it is argued that the emotional role-playing between the care-receiver and a robot can actually have a more positive outcome in terms of creating the conditions of less fear and concern for one\'s own predicament best exemplified by the phrase: "if it is just a robot taking care of me it cannot be that critical." Scholars debate the possible outcome of such technology using two different perspectives. Either, the AE could help the socialization of care-givers, or serve as role model for emotional detachment.']

Pricing and Payment Terms:
['Artificial intelligence in healthcare | Artificial intelligence (AI) in healthcare uses algorithms and software to approximate human cognition in the analysis of complex medical data. The primary aim of health-related AI applications is to analyze relationships between prevention or treatment techniques and patient outcomes. AI programs have been developed and applied to practices such as diagnosis processes, treatment protocol development, drug development, personalized medicine and patient monitoring and care, among others. Medical institutions such as The Mayo Clinic, Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center and National Health Service, multinational technology companies such as IBM and Google and startups such as Welltok and Ayasdi, have created solutions currently used in the industry. Healthcare remains the top area of investment in AI as measured by venture capital deal flow.', 'Predictive medicine | Predictive medicine is a field of medicine that entails predicting the probability of disease and instituting preventive measures in order to either prevent the disease altogether or significantly decrease its impact upon the patient (such as by preventing mortality or limiting morbidity). While different prediction methodologies exist, such as genomics, proteomics, and cytomics, the most fundamental way to predict future disease is based on genetics. Although proteomics and cytomics allow for the early detection of disease, much of the time those detect biological markers that exist because a disease process has "already" started. However, comprehensive genetic testing (such as through the use of DNA arrays or full genome sequencing) allows for the estimation of disease risk years to decades before any disease even exists, or even whether a healthy fetus is at higher risk for developing a disease in adolescence or adulthood. Individuals who are more susceptible to disease in the future can be offered lifestyle advice or medication with the aim of preventing the predicted illness. Current genetic testing guidelines supported by the health care professionals discourage purely predictive genetic testing of minors until they are competent to understand the relevancy of genetic screening so as to allow them to participate in the decision about whether or not it is appropriate for them. Genetic screening of newborns and children in the field of predictive medicine is deemed appropriate if there is a compelling clinical reason to do so, such as the availability of prevention or treatment as a child that would prevent future disease.', 'Predictive manufacturing system | The predictive manufacturing system (PMS) is a manufacturing paradigm wherein the system is programmed with certain amount and type of intelligence that allows assets to estimate their own condition, detect the presence of a fault or an anomaly, infer future fault events and even diagnose potential root cause of the problem. The goal of predictive manufacturing system (PMS) is to enable machine and systems with “self-aware” capabilities. The core technology of PMS in order to deliver “self-aware” capabilities is the smart computational agent that will contain advanced analytics to conduct predictive modeling functionalities.', 'Predictive analytics | Predictive analytics encompasses a variety of statistical techniques from predictive modeling, machine learning, and data mining that analyze current and historical facts to make predictions about future or otherwise unknown events.', 'Artificial empathy | Artificial empathy (AE) is the development of AI systems − such as companion robots − that are able to detect and respond to human emotions. According to scientists, although the technology can be perceived as scary or threatening by many people, it could also have a significant advantage over humans in professions which are traditionally involved in emotional role-playing such as the health care sector. From the care-giver perspective for instance, performing emotional labor above and beyond the requirements of paid labor often results in chronic stress or burnout, and the development of a feeling of being desensitized to patients. However, it is argued that the emotional role-playing between the care-receiver and a robot can actually have a more positive outcome in terms of creating the conditions of less fear and concern for one\'s own predicament best exemplified by the phrase: "if it is just a robot taking care of me it cannot be that critical." Scholars debate the possible outcome of such technology using two different perspectives. Either, the AE could help the socialization of care-givers, or serve as role model for emotional detachment.']

Next Steps:
['Artificial intelligence in healthcare | Artificial intelligence (AI) in healthcare uses algorithms and software to approximate human cognition in the analysis of complex medical data. The primary aim of health-related AI applications is to analyze relationships between prevention or treatment techniques and patient outcomes. AI programs have been developed and applied to practices such as diagnosis processes, treatment protocol development, drug development, personalized medicine and patient monitoring and care, among others. Medical institutions such as The Mayo Clinic, Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center and National Health Service, multinational technology companies such as IBM and Google and startups such as Welltok and Ayasdi, have created solutions currently used in the industry. Healthcare remains the top area of investment in AI as measured by venture capital deal flow.', 'Predictive medicine | Predictive medicine is a field of medicine that entails predicting the probability of disease and instituting preventive measures in order to either prevent the disease altogether or significantly decrease its impact upon the patient (such as by preventing mortality or limiting morbidity). While different prediction methodologies exist, such as genomics, proteomics, and cytomics, the most fundamental way to predict future disease is based on genetics. Although proteomics and cytomics allow for the early detection of disease, much of the time those detect biological markers that exist because a disease process has "already" started. However, comprehensive genetic testing (such as through the use of DNA arrays or full genome sequencing) allows for the estimation of disease risk years to decades before any disease even exists, or even whether a healthy fetus is at higher risk for developing a disease in adolescence or adulthood. Individuals who are more susceptible to disease in the future can be offered lifestyle advice or medication with the aim of preventing the predicted illness. Current genetic testing guidelines supported by the health care professionals discourage purely predictive genetic testing of minors until they are competent to understand the relevancy of genetic screening so as to allow them to participate in the decision about whether or not it is appropriate for them. Genetic screening of newborns and children in the field of predictive medicine is deemed appropriate if there is a compelling clinical reason to do so, such as the availability of prevention or treatment as a child that would prevent future disease.', 'Health care analytics | Health care analytics is a term used to describe the healthcare analysis activities that can be undertaken as a result of data collected from four areas within healthcare; claims and cost data, pharmaceutical and research and development (R&D) data, clinical data (collected from electronic medical records (EHRs)), and patient behavior and sentiment data (patient behaviors and preferences, (retail purchases e.g. data captured in running stores). Health care analytics is a growing industry in the United States, expected to grow to more than $18.7 billion by 2020. The industry focuses on the areas of clinical analysis, financial analysis, supply chain analysis, as well as, fraud and HR analysis. The current largest players in the market are medical consulting and medical software companies (IBM Corporation, SAS Institute, Inc. Optum, Inc, Truven Health Analytics Inc., Cerner Corporation, and McKesson Corporation) who have the ability to extend their reach with already existing customers.', 'Clinical prediction rule | A clinical prediction rule is a type of medical research study in which researchers try to identify the best combination of medical sign, symptoms, and other findings in predicting the probability of a specific disease or outcome.', 'Americans For Medical Advancement | Americans For Medical Advancement (AFMA) is a 501(c)(3) science-based patient advocacy organization dedicated to improving policy and decision-making regarding the use of the animal model in biomedical research and drug testing. They oppose the use of animals only as models for predicting human response. For example, ADMET (absorption, distribution, metabolism, elimination, and toxicity), efficacy testing, and medical research where results from animal-based research are assumed predictive for humans. Scientifically, such uses are known as using animals as causal analogical models or as predictive models.']

